c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\AppBar\close.png
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\AppBar\refresh.png
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Do-Nation.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Do-Nation.pdb
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Do_Nation_Debug_x86.xap
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.UI.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Sqlite.winmd
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.UI.xml
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\de\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\en\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\es\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\it\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ar-SA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\az-Latn-AZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\be-BY\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\bg-BG\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ca-ES\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\cs-CZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\da-DK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\el-GR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\en-GB\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\es-MX\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\et-EE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\fa-IR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\fi-FI\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\fil-PH\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\fr-CA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\he-IL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\hi-IN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\hr-HR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\hu-HU\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\id-ID\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\kk-KZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\lt-LT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\lv-LV\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\mk-MK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ms-MY\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\nb-NO\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\nl-NL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\pl-PL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\pt-PT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ro-RO\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\sk-SK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\sl-SI\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\sq-AL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\sr-Latn-CS\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\sv-SE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\th-TH\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\tr-TR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\uk-UA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\uz-Latn-UZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\vi-VN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\Bin\x86\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\Do-Nation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\addDonationV2.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\AdminPage.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\DonationList.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\DonationPage.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\EditAccount.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\ListOfOrgs.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\mydonations.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\myPickUpList.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\myPickups.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\myVolunteers.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\OrgKeys.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\OrgPage.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\OrgPostForm.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\PanoramaMenuPage.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\PickupPage.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\PostSuccess.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterPage.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\RegisterSelectAPlayerPage.g.cs
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\Do-Nation.g.resources
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\Do_Nation.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\Do-Nation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\Do-Nation.dll
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\Do-Nation.pdb
c:\Users\OliverBrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DoNation\Do-Nation\Do-Nation\obj\x86\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
